Add info about branding to the readme file (#99)
che-incubator/che-code: README.md

4. Fix the conflicts or other errors. **Note**, that`./rebase.sh` script also apllies the patches from the [`.rebase`](https://github.com/che-incubator/che-code/tree/main/.rebase) directory. Sometimes, it also requires some updates there.
5. Open a PR with your changes.

## Whitelabel/branding
 

> There is an ability to apply branding for some UI elements. The original data can be overridden by execution [branding.sh script](https://github.com/che-incubator/che-code/blob/main/branding/branding.sh). The script expects that the branding resources are placed in the [branding folder](https://github.com/che-incubator/che-code/tree/main/branding). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a functionality to apply branding to some UI elements. The original data can be overridden by executing the [branding.sh](https://github.com/che-incubator/che-code/blob/main/branding/branding.sh) script. The script searches for the branding resources in the [branding folder](https://github.com/che-incubator/che-code/tree/main/branding). 
```

> The crucial one is: `product.json` file. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The crucial one is: `branding/product.json` file. 
```

> The crucial one is: `product.json` file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `branding/product.json` file is crucial.
```

Author: thank you, applied manually as there was a conflict

> The values defined in the `branding/product.json` file overwrite [default ones](https://github.com/che-incubator/che-code/blob/main/code/product.json). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The values defined in the `branding/product.json` file override the [default values](https://github.com/che-incubator/che-code/blob/main/code/product.json). 
```

Also the file serves data mapping for provided branding resources.

Example of the `branding/product.json` file:
```
{

> 	"nameShort": "Visual Studio Code - Open Source",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	"nameShort": "VS Code - Open Source",
```

Reviewer 2: Update per CRW-3098.

> 	"nameLong": "Red Hat OpenShift Dev Spaces - Visual Studio Code - Open Source IDE container",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	"nameLong": "Red Hat OpenShift Dev Spaces with Microsoft Visual Studio Code - Open Source IDE",
```

Reviewer 2: Update per CRW-3098.

	"icons": {
		"favicon": {
			"universal": "icons/favicon.ico"
		},
		"welcome": {
			"universal": "icons/dev-spaces.svg"
		},
		"statusBarItem": {
			"universal": "icons/dev-spaces.svg"
		},
		"letterpress": {
			"light": "icons/letterpress-light.svg",
			"dark": "icons/letterpress-light.svg"
		}
	},
	"remoteIndicatorCommands": {
		"openDocumentationCommand": "Dev Spaces: Open Documentation",
		"openDashboardCommand": "Dev Spaces: Open Dashboard",
		"stopWorkspaceCommand": "Dev Spaces: Stop Workspace"
	},
	"workbenchConfigFilePath": "workbench-config.json",
	"codiconCssFilePath": "css/codicon.css"
}
```

> - `nameShort` - application name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `nameShort` - The application name.
```

> - `nameLong` - it's used for the `Welcome` page, the `About` dialog, browser tab title

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `nameLong` - This is used for the **Welcome** page, the **About** dialog, and browser tab title.
```

> - `favicon` - icon for the browser tab title, the same for all themes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `favicon` - The icon for the browser tab title. It's the same for all themes.
```

> - `welcome` - icon for the `Welcome` (`Get Started`) page tab title, the same for all themes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `welcome` - The icon for the **Welcome** (**Get Started**) page tab title. It's the same for all themes.
```

> - `statusBarItem` - icon for the status bar item, the same for all themes, should be defined as `codicon` in the `workbench-config.json` file and `codicon` css styles as well

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `statusBarItem` - The icon for the status bar item. It's the same for all themes and must be defined as `codicon` in the `workbench-config.json` file and the `codicon` CSS styles.
```

> - `letterpress` - icon for the main area when all editors are closed, it's possible to provide different icons for the `light` and `dark` theme  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `letterpress` - The icon for the main area when all editors are closed. It's possible to provide different icons for `light` and `dark` themes.
```

> - `remoteIndicatorCommands` - names of commands provided by [`Eclipse Che Remote` extension](https://github.com/che-incubator/che-code/blob/main/code/extensions/che-remote/package.nls.json)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `remoteIndicatorCommands` - The names of commands provided by the [`Eclipse Che Remote`](https://github.com/che-incubator/che-code/blob/main/code/extensions/che-remote/package.nls.json) extension.
```

> - `workbenchConfigFilePath` - the config file path, please see an example of the config file [here](https://github.com/che-incubator/che-code/blob/main/code/src/vs/code/browser/workbench/che/workbench-config.json)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `workbenchConfigFilePath` - The config file path. See an [example of the config file](https://github.com/che-incubator/che-code/blob/main/code/src/vs/code/browser/workbench/che/workbench-config.json).
```

> - `codiconCssFilePath` - the codicon css file path, should contain css styles for `codicon`s, content of the file is appended to [the coressponding css file](https://github.com/che-incubator/che-code/blob/main/code/src/vs/base/browser/ui/codicons/codicon/codicon.css), please see an example of the content [here](https://github.com/che-incubator/che-code/blob/803b864e8411bd57d617dabddfd8a132fac6c743/code/src/vs/base/browser/ui/codicons/codicon/codicon.css#L29-L33)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `codiconCssFilePath` - The codicon css file path. Must contain CSS styles for `codicon`s. The content of the file is appended to [the coressponding css file](https://github.com/che-incubator/che-code/blob/main/code/src/vs/base/browser/ui/codicons/codicon/codicon.css). See an [example of the content](https://github.com/che-incubator/che-code/blob/803b864e8411bd57d617dabddfd8a132fac6c743/code/src/vs/base/browser/ui/codicons/codicon/codicon.css#L29-L33).
```

> Please note:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE:
```

> -  it's expected that all paths in the `branding/product.json` file are relative to the `branding` folder. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  All paths in the `branding/product.json` file must be relative to the `branding` folder. 
```

> For example, `workbenchConfigFilePath` field has `anyFolder/myConfigFiles/workbench-config.json` value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the `workbenchConfigFilePath` field might have the `anyFolder/myConfigFiles/workbench-config.json` value. 
```

> It means that the config file can be found by the path: `che-code/branding/anyFolder/myConfigFiles/workbench-config.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that the config file can be found by the path: `che-code/branding/anyFolder/myConfigFiles/workbench-config.json`
```

> - At the moment the [branding.sh script](https://github.com/che-incubator/che-code/blob/main/branding/branding.sh) is not run automatically (at building project, for example), it should be integrated in the project workflow.

Reviewer 3: > integrated in the project workflow

What does the project workflow mean? Don't you mind to restate it a bit?

Author: Replacing 
> it should be integrated in the project workflow

by 

> it should be integrated into the build process of the project

is it more clear from your point of view?

Reviewer 3: `build process` is clear :+1: 
Thanks.

> - At the moment the [branding.sh script](https://github.com/che-incubator/che-code/blob/main/branding/branding.sh) is not run automatically (at building project, for example), it should be integrated in the project workflow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- At the moment the [branding.sh script](https://github.com/che-incubator/che-code/blob/main/branding/branding.sh) is not run automatically (at building project, for example), it should be integrated into the build process of the project.
```

> - At the moment the [branding.sh script](https://github.com/che-incubator/che-code/blob/main/branding/branding.sh) is not run automatically (at building project, for example), it should be integrated into the build process of the project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- At the moment the [branding.sh script](https://github.com/che-incubator/che-code/blob/main/branding/branding.sh) is not run automatically when building this project. It needs to be integrated into the build process of the [downstream branded project or product](https://github.com/redhat-developer/devspaces-images/blob/devspaces-3-rhel-8/devspaces-code/build/scripts/sync.sh#L96).
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Currently, the [branding.sh](https://github.com/che-incubator/che-code/blob/main/branding/branding.sh) script is not run automatically when building this project. (In the future, this script will be integrated into the build process of the [downstream product](https://github.com/redhat-developer/devspaces-images/blob/devspaces-3-rhel-8/devspaces-code/build/scripts/sync.sh#L96).)
```

Author: > In the future, this script will be integrated

If we speak about `devspaces-code` - it's already integrated, please see [here](https://github.com/redhat-developer/devspaces-images/blob/devspaces-3-rhel-8/devspaces-code/build/scripts/sync.sh#L96)

In my sentence above I meant that the script should be integrated for other projects based on the `che-code`
